d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\MatchingGame.dll.config
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\MatchingGame.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\MatchingGame.pdb
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\obj\Debug\MatchingGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\obj\Debug\MatchingGame.dll
d:\podaci\predavacmax06\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MatchingGame\MatchingGame\obj\Debug\MatchingGame.pdb
